There. you should have enough ammunition.
Anything else you need?
- People.
- Oh?
I had to get rid of a drunk today.
- but that's not your problem.
- No. no.
But something else might be.
What?
There's a rumor that the Dearpmis guy
who's in the hospital
has been talking to the police.
I see.
That's not good.
Thanks for telling me. See you later.
Yes?
Yes. it's me.
We might have a problem.
The typical serial killer is a man.
He is white.
He's between 24 and 40 years old.
He prefers to work alone.
He could also be working with others.
for example in pairs.
But if there are mutilations. like here.
it is a clear sign
that he is working alone.
The first victim
is chosen by the murderer
in an environment he's very familiar with.
Fifth floor.
So the classic victim
would be his own mother.
Rituals are something people think
are always
connected to serial killings.
but it's not true.
But if there are rituals.
there is almost always a serial killer.
We distinguish between
two different types of serial killers.
The psychopathic and the sociopathic.
The psychopath does not have a job.
he does not have an education.
He has a long criminal record.
and he is an easy suspect.
The sociopath seems well functioning.
intelligent. well-adjusted.
We need to catch him first.
Do you have anything
that we can use practically?
We'll get to that. Waaler.
The act of killing a person takes time.
So it's not the same
if it happens during the week
or during a weekend or a holiday.
Because the latter could suggest
that the killer has a job.
And might in turn suggest
that we're dealing with a sociopath.
So when our guy kills
during summer vacation.
it suggests that he has a job
and is a sociopath?
Maybe.
Is that practical enough. Waaler?
Yes. I think it would be good
if you could talk
about this case specifically.
Well. we have three murders.
Two murders.
Lisbeth Barli is only missing so far.
I'm sorry. but we have three murders
without a doubt.
And they have been committed
within the same amount of days.
The ritual of mutilating
and decorating the corpse
has been followed all three times.
That suggests that we are
in an early stage with control.
Choice of victim and crime scene?
Yeah. you may be right about that.
Right about what?
That the choice of victim and crime scene
actually suggests the opposite.
How so?
The first murder. Camilla Loen. happened
in her apartment. where she lives alone.
He can get in and out
without risking
being caught or identified.
Second murder. he kidnaps Lisbeth Barli
in a residential neighborhood.
during the day. probably in a car.
cars have license plates.
He's starting to take risks.
And the third murder is pure chance.
The ladies' toilet in an office building.
You'd be very lucky
not to get caught or identified.
So what is the conclusion?
We think we're dealing
with a well-adjusted sociopath.
but we have no idea
if he's about to go bananas
or if he's still fully in control.
What should we hope for?
In the first case.
we're facing a massacre.
but with a chance of catching him.
In the second. there'll be
longer breaks between murders.
but we probably
won't be able to catch him.
It's the frying pan or the fire.
I don't know which you prefer?
Okay. Thank you. Ståle.
I would suggest that we start by
bringing in everyone we've talked to
for a new round of interrogations.
We'll have many eyes on us.
even from abroad.
So you were at ABC Debt Collectors
to speak about hearing aids?
My lawyer is getting old.
so I need new ones
to make a legal assessment
of an agency agreement.
Yeah. so you got in touch with lawyers
who specialize in debt collection?
Yeah. but I didn't realize that
until during the meeting.
I mean. the brief minute we got.
before all the commotion started.
If you're getting a new lawyer. I assume
you've booked meetings with several.
Can you tell me who?
The law firms didn't want to meet me
until after the summer vacation.
ABC Debt Collectors
were more accommodating.
Am I a suspect of something?
Yes. everyone's a suspect.
Is that an accent I hear?
Yeah. it's possible.
I... travel a lot abroad.
- It might be something like that.
- Where do you travel to?
Well. I have a small house in Thailand.
I go to Switzerland
to visit the hearing aid manufacturer.
But I travel mostly in Norway.
to hospitals and institutions and such.
Are you married? Do you have a family?
If thou wouldst behold that piece
of paper Skarre has been scribbling on.
thou wouldst see that I do not.
I live with Truls.
Truls is a Shar Pei.
A dog.
Fine. Could you just tell me
what... happened?
I think that your colleague Skarre--
He's written it down. I get it.
but could you tell me what happened?
- Hello.
- Yes. Can I help you?
Yes. so. I have a meeting
with Halle in a few minutes.
but five floors were a bit much for me.
I asked the receptionist...
Barbara Svendsen.
I asked her for a glass of water.
and she went down the corridor.
- Yeah.
- Yes.
But then she never returned.
so I went in to look for Halle.
with whom I had an appointment.
- Hi.
- Hi?
- I'm Clausen.
- Clausen! Yes.
Did you see anyone else
walk in or out of the ladies' room?
No. I didn't see anyone else
apart from those who worked there.
You know what.
I've said this many times already.
I can see that. but there's nothing
about exactly which employee you saw.
Everyone's a suspect. fine.
Yeah. I need the room.
You can leave.
- Thanks.
- Not you.
You can leave. you stay here.
We're staying here.
Continue.
I saw the cleaner.
But she disappeared
further down the corridor.
We've talked to her.
Yes. And then I saw...
a guy in a suit...
who poured coffee by the coffee machine.
and then he disappeared into
what I assume was his office.
- There was the bike courier. of course.
- The bike courier?
Yes.
The bike courier walked out
right before I went to look for Halle.
Technically. I guess he isn't
one of the employees.
but he was there on business. so to speak.
Why are you looking at me like that?
- What did he look like? Tall? Thin?
- Fuck if I know.
How am I supposed to know that?
He was on his way out.
- Like me. maybe. regular...
- Fat?
Fat? You can't say...
Just stay here.
How quickly can you get me a list
of orders made to bike couriers
on the murder day?
- Pretty quickly. I think.
- But first. I need to...
Call all bike courier companies
in the city.
Look for a delivery or a pick-up at ABC.
- You're not the one leading...
- Just do it.
Did this Clausen give you a description?
Yes. he had a black bike shirt. shorts.
biking shoes that made a clicking noise.
He was not sure of his height.
His face was hidden.
He had sunglasses and a bike helmet.
and interestingly. face mask.
That is why Camilla Loen let him in.
Of course. he just called the bell.
Bike couriers are already masked
in front of the camera.
He came in with a bouquet of flowers
or an express package.
From the moment Clausen arrived
until he saw the bike courier leave.
it had been over four minutes.
A bike courier would run in.
deliver and run out again.
He wouldn't spend four minutes
dawdling around.
I'll have people check for couriers
at the crime scenes.
Yes. Hey. there's one more thing
we need to consider.
If we should warn people
about unknown bike couriers.
- Okay. I'll talk to Møller.
- Okay.
Hey. Harry.
Great fucking job.
One person has been confirmed deceased
after the attack
on Korps motorcycle club yesterday.
Hello?
Can I help you?
Listen. I'm here on behalf of the police.
Hey. those... star symbols
on your door here...
The pentagram?
It...
Is there something wrong with it?
No. I'm just wondering what they mean.
The pentagram is an... old religious symbol.
Found on gravestones
more than a thousand years old.
Yeah. so it's a symbol for the good?
Yes. ours is.
But...
When the pentagram is
upside down. meaning...
if there are two points pointing up...
then you're entering
the field of demonology.
Which is?
The teachings of evil.
So the bike courier lead gave us nothing?
We have APBs on social media. radio. TV.
Received 24 tips so far.
They confirm what
we more or less already know.
Contact the press
that had photographers at Carl Berner
and see if they have
footage of the attendees.
Honestly. that myth
about returning to the crime scene?
If it is a sociopathic serial killer.
he sees the investigation
as an exciting game
he's playing with the police.
Follow me.
And what does Forensics say?
That we are understaffed
and behind schedule.
but also that we've put old corpses aside
to prioritize these ones.
No semen. no skin. hair or blood.
And no signs of sexual assault.
The only physical evidence
of a perpetrator
is basically the bullet holes.
- That is interesting.
- What is?
That there are no signs of sexual assault.
No. I guess it's not about sex. then.
No. serial killings always have
a sexual motive. Always.
Maybe we've got a Mr. Chance.
He may not need to touch her
to be sexually satisfied.
Maybe the murder itself
or the sight of the corpse is enough.
What about Lisbeth Barli?
We've examined her finger.
and what we can tell you.
is that the surface of the cuts
suggest that the same knife or tool
has been used in all three cases.
What about the weapons
at the crime scenes?
The tests confirm
that they were used in the murders.
but the serial numbers
have been filed down.
The same file marks
as on most of the confiscated weapons.
The city's overflowing with guns.
It's turning into Montana fast.
Maya. the Barli case?
We're writing that Toya Harang takes over
after her sister in Pygmalion.
- The copy should be ready before lunch.
- Okay. Any quotes?
Willy Barli: "'The show must go on'
is more than a simple cliché."
"Our business is serious. and I know
Lisbeth is with us no matter what."
"The situation has deeply affected us."
"Still. we try to use that energy
in a positive manner."
"The play will be a homage to Lisbeth."
I like the feelgood angle on that.
we need some of that too.
Everything is now
about the Bike Courier Killer.
Put any other work you have aside.
- Hey.
Are you okay?
- Yeah. I'm at work.
- Me too.
I mean...
So...
I wanted to remind you to take Oleg
to the Frogner Baths tomorrow.
Yes. of course.
I've got my swim trunks ready.
I don't think
I've seen you in swim trunks.
What do they look like?
They're black.
with some sort of fashion label on them.
Yeah. The boxer shorts
I bought for you. I see.
It's fine for swimming in too. What?
I've sent you an email.
I'm afraid I've got to go.
Okay.
Okay. Bye.
Did you see my email?
Yeah. from outside the crime scenes.
Maya Ek from Aftenposten sent those.
In exchange that I do
an interview or a profile in return.
It could be good for the department
to get a little image boost.
So...
Thanks.
CAMILLA LOEN
APARTMENT
Do we still have the keys
to Camilla Loen's apartment?
Bjørn Holm has them.
Thank you for coming right away.
What do you want?
I wanted to warn you.
Odin and Dearpmis are saying
that they can't pay
for the weapons they ordered.
They're saying it's because
you've taken over their market.
So...
They're planning to kill you.
Why are you telling me this?
Because you pay.
I prefer paying customers.
Did they say anything about where. when?
Could be any time.
Odin and Loke are at Aker Hospital.
Feel.
It's okay.
What the fuck are you doing here?
I'm working.
Working?
Yeah. I was sure I had locked the door.
Yeah. you did.
I have the janitor's key. just in case.
Hey you.
Did you forget to take your sleeping pill?
Yeah. your husband.
he heard a racket up there
and thought there might have been
a break-in at Camilla Loen's.
Don't.
Can't you just go back to bed?
Good night.
- Hey. what is it?
- No. what is that?
- Why are you wearing that?
- Be quiet. Go to sleep now.
I'm so sorry about that.
Do you want some coffee?
Yes. please.
What kind of sleeping pills does she take?
Heroin. No. Zopitin. It's...
I can buy it over the counter abroad.
Lets me kill two birds with one stone.
since it soothes the anxiety too.
You're taking it as well?
Me? No. no.
No. anxiety is born from freedom.
and I would like to keep that freedom.
If you can quench your anxiety.
you can become the ruler of your own life.
You should read Heidegger. You'd like it.
But you don't have anxiety?
I do have anxiety.
- You do have anxiety?
- Oh. yes.
You have anxiety.
Yes.
But this killer doesn't have anxiety.
No? Why is that?
It's the freedom that keeps us awake.
The choices.
The killer doesn't have a choice.
And why not?
Because he's an instrument.
Because his life has a purpose.
He's not confused like you and me. He...
He knows what he's doing.
that's why he sleeps well at night.
And what purpose does his life have?
Isn't it obvious?
The women were... promiscuous.
You think so?
Barbara Svendsen went
from one boyfriend to the next.
Lisbeth Barli might be married now
but before that.
she was running around like a
gypsy.
And what about...
Camilla Loen?
She wasn't exactly free from sin either.
This killer's purpose... it is...
To be an instrument of God.
Hebrews. Chapter 13. verse 4.
"God will judge the sexually immoral
and the adulterer."
Right.
I've heard that one before.
I'll make a note of that. Hebrews.
And I'll make a note of... Heidegger.
Thanks for the coffee.
By the way...
As a salesman of church accoutrements...
What could it mean when somebody
carves out a pentagram in wood?
But. what... Where did you find this?
In the beam above her bed upstairs.
- Her bed?
- Yeah.
Well. that could be a devil's star.
Yeah. heathens would paint it
over their beds and entrances
to keep the mares away.
Mares?
Yeah. as in "nightmare."
A female spirit who sits on top
of the chest of a sleeping person
and rides that person
so that they dream bad dreams.
From Indo-Germanic. mer.
I have to admit
my Indo-Germanic is a little rusty.
Yeah. so it means death.
Or murder.
[Swedish] Let me introduce myself.
I am the creature you hoped didn't exist.
I am the one who crawls out from
under your bed when you've fallen asleep.
The one who sits down on your chest.
puts the bit in your mouth.
and rides you.
Rides you all the way to Hell.
I am the creature you hoped didn't exist.
I am the one who...
Yeah. so. this is for us.
He wants us to know.
He wants to be admired.
At the same time.
he's not giving us anything solid.
What can you do about the sound?
I mean. usually. I would have just
used AI to remove all that distortion
but in this case.
they've used voice scrambling
with adversarial audio.
- Do you have any idea how insane that is?
- Can you remove it?
100% no. man. It's impossible. bro.
Fine. Holm. what have you got?
Well. you can buy
these cassette tapes all over the net. so...
But our language expert tells us
that this guy speaks
a kind of old-fashioned Swedish.
with Norwegian mixed in. it could be
a long time since he's lived in Sweden.
What about fingerprints?
Yeah. they're there.
but they're yours. so... yeah.
Yeah. okay.
The neighbor downstairs. did you ever find
his fingerprints at Loen's place?
Yes. on the inside of the door.
but he did go in there with the janitor.
so it's not that odd. so...
Yeah. fine.
Can you take it to the investigation team?
I have an important meeting.
How did you figure out
there could be something on this tape?
A tape like that in the home of a chick
who was born in the 2000s?
Had I been sober.
I'd've seen it the first time around.
Someone should fire me.
The stairs are right here. you wuss.
The police and other public authorities
are under increasing pressure
from a population
that feels increasingly insecure.
According to a poll conducted
by Norsk Gallup. four out of five people...
Could you turn this off?
After this week...
You said no one'd been here
the day Barbara Svendsen was killed.
Are you sure about that?
A bike courier. for instance?
Look. I said
that I hadn't had any customers.
- Right.
- Bike courier?
Yeah. there was a guy standing
over there in a whole get-up. Yeah.
But he left right away.
I just assumed he realized
it was the wrong address.
- Yeah. Don't touch anything. Step away.
- Sure.
Beate?
- Hi.
- It's here.
It looks like a fingerprint down there.
Give me five.
Could you describe the courier?
You never see the faces
of those bike couriers. do you?
Try.
Yeah. I mean.
he was just in here for a second.
I was sitting behind the counter here.
I mean. people should
just ask for help if they need it.
Harry. we have to go.
- Yeah. but we...
- The time.
Yeah. fuck.
- Beate. call me if you find anything.
- Yes.
Check... mate.
No...
Yes. hello?
There's a guy here
who's been thrown out of Korps.
He says Attila is
on her way to the hospital
to avenge the thing
with the flamethrower.
We need more people.
Everyone is at the event in Göteborg.
That's why they're here.
they know about it.
Talk to me.
Am I talking to Hole?
Are you going to sell me something?
Yes. I am.
I'm going to hang up.
I can sell you the name of the guy
who sells weapons to the drug gangs.
Yes. it's me. you saw me at the hospital.
You need to come here.
and bring some colleagues with weapons.
What's happening?
Hey. it's me again.
All of fucking Korps
are on their way here.
Someone told them where we are.
How do I know
I'm not walking into an ambush?
That's just a chance you have to take
if you want the name.
If we die. that information dies with us.
Yes. Hole?
Hey Wulf. I need to floor it here.
you need to help me get a hold of Delta.
Korps are on their way
to Aker Hospital. Room 505.
- Is that clear?
- Affirmative.
Are you going to shoot somebody?
No. it's tempting.
- But I don't have anything to shoot with.
- Why not?
We're not in an American movie.
we're in Norway.
where the police has to keep their guns
locked in a police car.
- This isn't a police car.
- So there won't be any action?
The Emergency Response Unit has plenty.
- So we need to hurry.
- That's exactly what I'm doing.
Hey.
Hey you. You made it.
I almost thought you'd miss dinner.
- Have you had a nice time?
- Yeah. could've been even better.
Isn't that the hospital?
This is Aker.
We're going to Ullevål hospital.
Get out of here.
Move it!
What the hell!
Move. Move it!
Fuck!
- What are you doing?
- Shut up!
God damn it!
One is confirmed dead.
The other is in a coma.
but the doctor says he will die too.
Wulf is sure you said Ullevål hospital.
Oh. yeah?
We might not have made it there anyway.
How did it feel?
Standing there like a police officer
with no weapon.
having to let them pass you by.
What if I agree
to join that project of yours?
You carry out a mission. alone.
without asking any questions.
You're gonna have to burn some bridges.
I see.
So I have to break Norwegian laws
so that you have something on me?
How...
How much time can you give me?
You get 48 hours.
- Yes. talk to me.
- The fingerprint on the TV screen.
It's not in our database.
but we found a match.
Camilla Loen's neighbor?
No. it's not him.
It's matching
another print in the apartment.
Yes.
That was Beate Lønn.
We have a big. fat fingerprint
from a serial killer.
Okay. come on!
[Swedish] I'm on my way. Mother.
I'm on my way back.
Back to my uterus.
There I'll lift the knife
and cut my way in.
- I was finally able to pay rent yesterday.
- My dear. don't worry about that.
I got some help anyway.
Yes. I've noticed that there's someone
who's been coming in and out.
- I noticed he has a dog.
- You'll get to meet him.
But I just need to warn you
that he's different.
He's old-fashioned.
He doesn't want us to...
- Wow!
- You know.
Yeah. that's serious.
He gave me something.
He said that I wasn't allowed
to open it until we were engaged.
And then he said that this is something
that lasts forever.
The Prince.
One of the gangs is gone.
and I think we have a new member.
Good!
Subtitle translation by: Trine Friis